gh-90923: Improve sqlite3.Connection.execute* docs (#91643)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sqlite3.rst

   .. method:: execute(sql[, parameters])

>       Creates a new :class:`Cursor` object and calls
>       :meth:`~Cursor.execute` on it with the given *sql* and *parameters*.
>       Returns the new cursor object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Create a new :class:`Cursor` object and call
      :meth:`~Cursor.execute` on it with the given *sql* and *parameters*.
      Return the new cursor object.
```

   .. method:: executemany(sql[, parameters])

>       Creates a new :class:`Cursor` object and calls
>       :meth:`~Cursor.executemany` on it with the given *sql* and *parameters*.
>       Returns the new cursor object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Create a new :class:`Cursor` object and call
      :meth:`~Cursor.executemany` on it with the given *sql* and *parameters*.
      Return the new cursor object.
```

   .. method:: executescript(sql_script)

>       Creates a new :class:`Cursor` object and calls
>       :meth:`~Cursor.executescript` on it with the given *sql_script*.
>       Returns the new cursor object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Create a new :class:`Cursor` object and call
      :meth:`~Cursor.executescript` on it with the given *sql_script*.
      Return the new cursor object.
```
